well howdy there Internet people it's
bow-gun so we got some out-of-this-world
news today from out-of-this-world
NASA and NASA has plans to put a crew of
four on the moon for two weeks they also
have plans to launch the first
intentional interstellar space probe
this thing will leave the solar system
leave the heliosphere first time we've
ever set out to do it I know that
somebody's gonna bring up Voyager that
was an accident
nobody expected that equipment to last
that long you know got to the point
where they're like well what else can we
do with it you know but we're setting
out with that goal in mind this time
think about that one on the cusp of a
new adventure in humanity conquering the
Stars and as I'm reading about this the
audio that's playing in the background
reminds me that a billion people will go
hungry tonight that go to bed hungry man
you know and it's not that we don't have
the food we produce 150 percent of what
it would take to feed everybody the
answer what you hear is that well we
don't have the food distribution network
we can't get it there
crew of four on the moon for two weeks
interstellar space travel and we can't
move some pegs or ice here on the planet
yeah I'm not buying that not for a
second
I don't think that's true just we don't
want to there's nothing in it for us the
weights look that it's not true but
that's the way it's looked at it would
be too hard no you have ships trains
planes Criss crossing the globe right
now not all of them are full and some of
them are headed to places where people
need things and you know that whole
thing what's in it for us
can you imagine how much less we would
spend on defense if a lot of these
countries had food water medicine the
basics
the country's would be more stable the
government's would be more stable less
instability less conflict less money
spent on defense I mean so if the moral
idea of hey people should be able to eat
doesn't appeal to you there's one a
monetary reason and this isn't what
about ISM I'm not saying that Nashua
should stop their programs until we feed
everybody I'm saying that NASA can plan
to put a crew of four on the moon for
two weeks and plan to launch intercept
an interstellar probe the rest of us
those of us that aren't in NASA we can
figure out how to move some food beyond
America's borders do not live a lusha
people anyway it's just a thought I have
a good night